RHIDP-12602: Add procedure for Scorecard file-level checks (#2239)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observability_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards/proc-configure-file-level-checks-to-verify-repositories-contain-required-compliance-documentation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configure-file-level-checks-to-verify-repositories-contain-required-compliance-documentation_{context}"]
= Configure file-level checks to verify repositories contain required compliance documentation

include::{docdir}/artifacts/snip-developer-preview-scorecard.adoc[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure the Scorecard filecheck module to verify that repositories contain required files such as `LICENSE`, `CODEOWNERS`, or `CONTRIBUTING.md`. Each configured file generates a boolean metric that reports whether the file is present or missing.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me, but this kind of makes it sound like LICENSE, CODEOWNERS and CONTRIBUTING.md are the only files which can be configured, but they are just some examples. The users can configure any files they want with any path they want, so maybe the wording could be more clear on this?

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure the Scorecard filecheck module to verify that repositories contain required files such as `LICENSE`, `CODEOWNERS`, `CONTRIBUTING.md`, or any file that you have configured.
Each configured file generates a boolean metric that reports whether the file is present or missing.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have {install-category-link}[installed your {product-very-short} instance].

> * You have {scorecard-plugin-book-link}set-up-scorecards-to-monitor-your-project-health_{context}[set up the Scorecard plugin].

Author: ```suggestion
* You have xref:set-up-scorecards-to-monitor-your-project-health_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards[set up the Scorecard plugin].
```
